feat(default_ad_api): add interface version (#704)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: common/autoware_ad_api_msgs/README.md

# autoware_ad_api_msgs

## InterfaceVersion

> The interface should be stable, but it also needs to be improved on demand. This requires version control.
> The application needs to check compatibility with the interface version and to switch the processing depending on that.
> For that, this service provides an interface version based on [Semantic Versioning][semver].
> Unlike others, this interface should be especially stable because it needs to be backwards and forwards compatible across major versions.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
This API provides the interface version of the set of AD APIs.
It follows [Semantic Versioning][semver] in order to provide an intuitive understanding of the changes between versions.

### Use cases

Considering the product life cycle, there will be multiple vehicles that use different versions of the AD API due to changes in requirements or some improvements.
For example, a vehicle uses `v1` for stability and another vehicle uses `v2` for more functionality.

In that situation, the AD API users such as developers of a Web service have to switch the application behavior based on the version that each vehicle uses.
```
